NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden amongst
thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[HORN BLOWS]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BEN & HOLLY LAUGHING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Great Elf Tree.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
[HORN BLOWS]
Hi, Ben.
Hi, Holly.
I've got a new toy.
What is it?
BEN:
It's a telescope.
You can see things
that are really far away.
Wow. Can I have a go?
Okay.
I can't see anything.
Try twisting it a bit.
It still doesn't work.
[LAUGHS]
Why are you laughing, Ben?
It's a joke telescope.
It gives you a black ring
around your eye
that makes you look
really silly. Look.
Aah!
Why did you do that?
Ha, ha.
Today is Elf Joke Day.
What's Elf Joke Day?
It's a special day
when all the elves play jokes
on each other.
Hee, hee. That sounds fun.
It is fun. Ha, ha.
Would you like
one of my chewy sweets?
Yes, please.
[SCREAMS]
[LAUGHS]
That wasn't funny, Ben.
Ha, ha. Sorry.
Mm, here, have this flower.
No, thanks, I've had enough
of your silly jokes.
It's okay, Holly.
It won't jump out
or make your face dirty.
Promise?
I promise.
[SNIFFS]
[SCREAMS]
[LAUGHING]
[PANTING]
That's my squirty
water flower.
It's not funny.
[CHUCKLING]
It is funny.
Zip, zap, zop
Upside down, you silly elf
Whoa!
Aah! Put me down.
Lesson time, Holly.
Oh. Hello, Ben.
What are you doing
upside down?
Help! Help!
Princess Holly,
is this your doing?
It was Ben's fault.
He was playing jokes on me.
Never use magic in anger.
It can be very dangerous.
Sorry, Nanny Plum.
Holly, put Ben down.
Sorry, Ben.
Phew. That's better.
Now, what's all this
about jokes, Ben?
It's Elf Joke Day.
[HORN BLOWS]
Oh, heh. I love jokes.
I don't think
they're very funny.
Ha, ha. You should learn to
have a sense of humor, Holly.
Come on, Holly,
let's have some fun.
Yes. Today's lesson
can be how to have fun.
Off you go.
Oh, all right.
[♪♪♪]
[ALL LAUGHING]
Boo.
Happy Elf Joke Day.
[BLOWING RASPBERRY]
[BLOWS HORN]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Happy Elf Joke Day.
This is fun.
Aah! A spider.
[ALL LAUGHING]
It's only a toy spider.
Dad gets it out every year.
Ho-ho-ho.
Happy Elf Joke Day.
Oh, ho-ho-ho.
Aah! Mr. Elf.
I'm terribly sorry,
Princess Holly.
I hope
we didn't startle you.
Hee, hee.
It's okay, it's funny.
Ho, ho.
Hello, Princess Holly.
Are you having
a merry Elf Joke Day?
Hee, hee.
Yes. I like jokes now.
[HORN BLOWS]
[LAUGHING]
I wish Nanny Plum was here.
She loves jokes.
Oh, I didn't know
Nanny Plum likes such things.
Yes. Nanny's got
a really good sense of humor.
Really? Then maybe we should go
and show her some jokes.
Ho-ho-ho. To the Elf Truck.
[♪♪♪]
I'll tell Nanny Plum
you're here.
No, no, Princess Holly.
A joke should be a surprise.
Hee, hee. This will be fun.
Oh. I'm really busy.
Who can that be?
Hello. What do you want?
Hello, what do you want?
What?
Why are you copying
everything I say?
Oh.
I haven't got time for this.
Silly old fool.
Oh.
I don't think
Nanny found that funny.
I thought you said
she liked jokes.
She does.
Let's try another one.
Very well.
[♪♪♪]
This is my favorite.
It's a little toy mouse.
[ALL LAUGH]
Oh. Nanny Plum
doesn't like mice.
Ho-ho-ho. She'll like this one.
It's funny.
Ho, ho. We're ready.
Send it in.
[LAUGHS]
[SCATTING]
[SCREAMS]
NANNY:
Help!
Aah! Help!
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
What was that?
Is she laughing?
Um, sort of.
Oh, ho-ho-ho. Splendid.
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
Let's go
and join in the fun.
Aah! Help!
Ho-ho-ho.
Happy Elf Joke Day.
That was not funny,
Wise Old Elf.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry,
Nanny Plum.
May I say how lovely
you are looking today?
What?
Is this another silly joke?
Ha, ha. No.
Oh, you are so pretty.
May I take your photograph?
Aah, heh.
Well, I suppose so.
Oh, you are most kind.
Say cheese.
Cheese.
[GASPS AND GRUNTS]
Wha-- What?
Ha-ha-ha.
It's smelly elf cheese.
Ho-ho-ho.
Argh. It's really smelly.
Ha-ha-ha.
Yes, it's top quality,
smelly elf cheese.
[ALL LAUGHING]
That was not funny at all,
Mr. Old Elf.
Oh, yes, it was. Ho-ho-ho.
I'm going to turn you
into a snail.
But, Nanny, you said
never use magic in anger.
I'm not angry.
Now, where's my wand?
Oh, uh, it was just a joke.
Yes,
and here's another joke.
Elf to snail
[HOLLY GASPS]
[SNAIL MUMBLING]
Naughty Nanny.
You said never use magic
when you're angry.
Yes. Happy Elf Joke Day,
Wise Old Snail.
Ha-ha-ha.
[SNAIL MUMBLES]
[♪♪♪]
Ugh. What's that snail
doing here?
Well, Daddy, the Wise Old Elf
played jokes on Nanny Plum,
and she got angry,
and did a spell on him,
[SNAIL MUMBLES]
The Wise Old Elf
was just having fun.
Don't you have a sense of humor,
Nanny Plum?
Yes, Your Majesty.
Nanny Plum, why did you
turn him into a snail?
Um, it was meant to be
a funny joke.
And was it funny?
No, Your Majesty.
[MUMBLING]
He doesn't look very happy.
I'm not surprised.
Turn him back
into the Wise Old Elf,
please, Nanny Plum.
Very well, Your Majesty.
Silly Old Elf
Back to yourself
Your Majesty,
thank you so much
for your help.
Oh, that's all right.
I must say,
you are looking most handsome
today, Your Majesty.
May I take your photograph?
Of course.
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Um, Your Majesty...
Not now, Nanny Plum.
I'm having my picture taken.
Say cheese.
Cheese.
[GRUNTING]
ALL:
Ugh. Stinky elf cheese.
Ho-ho-ho.
I can't help playing jokes.
It's Elf Joke Day.
And I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[LAUGHING]
Ha-ha-ha.
Uh, most amusing.
Happy Elf Joke Day.
Ha, ha.
ALL:
Happy Elf Joke Day.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
The pink dress
or the blue dress?
Mommy, I can't decide.
The pink one looks nice
on you, Holly.
But what about me?
Green or yellow or turquoise?
Ben, what do you think?
Um, maybe the pink one
for you,
and the greeny-blue one
for your mom.
Green, blue, yellow, purple.
What's all this fuss about?
King and Queen Marigold
are coming to visit today,
remember?
[SLURPS]
Oh, yes.
QUEEN:
They are very fashionable,
and I don't want them to think
we look scruffy.
Who looks scruffy?.
You look scruffy.
Do I?
Yes, Daddy.
Hm.
What do you think, Ben?
Man to man.
Do I look scruffy?
Uh, maybe you could be
a tiny bit smarter.
That is why I have ordered
the Elf Tailor
to make you
some new clothes.
Hm.
And you must have a bath.
Okay.
[BELL RINGING]
The Elf Tailor.
That's just
the Wise Old Elf.
I'll have you know,
I'm not just the Wise Old Elf,
I'm also a qualified tailor.
Oh, I see, carry on then.
I'm off to have a bath.
But hurry up.
Our guests will be here soon.
Uh, King Thistle's new clothes,
Your Majesty.
ALL:
Ooh.
Lovely.
But is this fashionable?
This is a classic cut.
Made from the finest
woolen fabrics, Your Majesty.
Ooh. Very nice.
Uh, oh, please,
don't prod it, Nanny Plum.
It's a very delicate fabric,
which means you must not
clean it with magic.
Yes, yes.
Thank you, tailor. Bye.
Goodbye.
Can you see that speck
of dirt there, Holly?
I can't see anything,
Mommy.
Nanny Plum, can you see
that speck of dirt?
Where? There?
No. There.
[BEN & HOLLY GASP]
Oh.
Oh, dear.
Mommy.
You've made Daddy's
new clothes dirty.
So I have.
And King and Queen Marigold
will be here soon.
Nanny, have you got time
to clean it?
Leave it with me,
Your Majesty.
Nanny Plum,
can Ben and I help you?
NANNY:
Of course.
[♪♪♪]
Hm,
that's a fair old stain.
How are we going to clean it?
Um...
The Elf Tailor said
we shouldn't use magic.
That's all right. We'll just
throw it in the washing machine.
But the Elf Tailor said
it was very delicate.
Oh, what does an elf know
about washing clothes?
He makes them.
He might make clothes,
but he hasn't washed
as many as I have.
We'll need lots
of soap powder.
Are you sure
this is a good idea?
Of course it's a good idea.
Nothing clothes like better
than a good, hot soapy wash.
You know,
as we're doing a wash,
we should clean
the King's old clothes as well.
His scruffy clothes?
Yes.
Okay.
[SCATTING]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
HOLLY:
Daddy.
Yes?
We're going to wash
all your clothes.
Okay.
Shoes and crown too, Nanny?
NANNY:
Why not?
Then everything will be clean.
[GIGGLING]
[SCATTING]
Here are the clothes, Nanny.
Fantastic.
In they go.
[ALARM BLARES]
NANNY:
There.
Now we let the washing machine
do all the work.
It's all very clever
and scientific.
What's it doing?
That's the first wash cycle.
Now what's it doing?
It's rinsing
all the soap out.
It's very clever.
[RATTLING]
[BEN & HOLLY LAUGHING]
[WASHING MACHINE DINGS]
Finished.
Yes. Now let's see if all
that soap got that stain out.
Oh, Daddy's crown
is a bit bent.
And his shoes are all soggy.
Oh, dear. Were the King's
clothes always this small?
[BOTH GASP]
They've shrunk.
QUEEN:
Nanny Plum.
Are the King's clothes
clean?
[WHISPERS]
That's Mommy.
Uh, nearly ready,
Your Majesty.
Nanny,
what are we going to do?
Maybe
when the clothes are dry,
they'll go back
to their normal size.
Yes, Ben. I'll just do
a simple spell to dry them.
But the Tailor said
you shouldn't use magic.
Oh, I'll only use a teeny tiny
gentle little spell.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Abracadabra
Make clothes dry
Thunder and lightning
Flame, and fire
[COUGHING]
[BOTH SCREAM]
Nanny Plum, quick.
Give me the King's new clothes.
Our guests will be here
any minute.
Where are the clothes,
Nanny Plum?
[SNIFFS]
And What's that smell?
We washed Daddy's clothes,
but they shrunk.
And then Nanny burnt them
with magic.
My goodness.
Daddy will have to wear
his old clothes then, I suppose.
But we cleaned
Daddy's old clothes too.
What?
You mean,
he has no clothes to wear?
Uh, yes.
Hello. Where are my clothes?
Nearly ready, darling.
I'm all clean now.
Nanny will bring you
your clothes in a moment.
And I smell lovely.
Nanny, call the Elf Tailor.
[DOORBELL DINGS]
Aah. Too late.
That's
King and Queen Marigold.
What are we going to do now?
ALL:
Um...
We can make magic clothes.
Nanny, can you do that?
If you insist, Queen Thistle,
but magic clothes
can be a bit tricky.
KING MARIGOLD:
Hello? Anyone there?
They're here.
Aah!
Just make the magic clothes,
Nanny.
I'll go
and see to our guests.
As you wish, Your Majesty.
First, we need something
to turn into shoes.
Lemons?
No, they need
to be shoe-shaped.
Aah.
Carrots.
Now we need something
round and juicy
for the jacket.
A lemon?
No, a tomato.
Hm. What can we use
for the crown?
Ah, Holly, you remember
King and Queen Marigold?
BOTH:
Hello, Princess Holly.
Hello. And this is
my best friend, Ben Elf.
Hello, Ben.
I must say your clothes
are quite, um, charming.
Yes, nice and,
uh, sensible?
Oh, is it the country look?
Uh...
I think the way one dresses
is very important.
My husband
won't be a moment.
He's just changing
into his new clothes.
New clothes.
That sounds interesting.
Uh, well,
it is an experiment.
[♪♪♪]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh, ho, ho.
That's fantastic.
Outstanding, oh.
Really? Well, the jacket feels
a bit soggy, actually.
It looks wonderful.
So fresh
and exciting. Oh.
We were just saying
how important it is
to think carefully
about what you wear.
Oh, I don't think
I think at all.
[♪♪♪]
[KING & QUEEN MARIGOLD
GASP]
Ooh, I say.
Oh, what's that?
Yes. I was worried
that might happen.
Tricky things,
magic clothes.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Silly Daddy, you've got
a lemon on your head.
This is nothing to do with me.
My wife chose it.
That is amazing.
Awesome.
I've never seen
anything like it.
Absolute genius.
Self-transforming
clothes?
I would never have
thought of that.
And you say that you don't think
about what you wear? Ha-ha-ha.
You know more about fashion
than we ever could.
Where do you get
your inspiration from?
Ah, well, uh...
Now, tell me, have you ever
considered teaching fashion? Oh.
[STOMACH RUMBLES]
Aah.
Nanny Plum, could you make us
something for dinner, please?
Of course, Your Majesty,
I can make anything you like.
As long as you don't want
carrots, tomatoes or lemons.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]